Yeah, a couple of questions in the chat.
>> Yeah.
>> One is, what happens if we
delete one repo from locals in our
GitHub automation repo will
Terraform delete this repo also?
>> Absolutely, 100% yes.
We talked about this yesterday, actually
just like in the off time, it will.
Yeah, Terraform is literal one to one,
so if it's there, it'll be there, and
if it's not, it won't be.
My personal recommendation is to disable
the ability to delete repos, right?
Or make sure that you have
scoped permissions or,
basically follow an archive pattern,
is good.
GitHub does have archival options and
so you could basically say don't delete
anything, but make an archive option
available to the repos in the config.
And then every repo you want you
would just set archive to true.
And this is actually what we do at GitHub,
I'm sorry, what we do at Hippo.
So if I was to go here at Hippo,
actually here,
I can show you like a 5,000 foot,
I'll just go to our repos
really quickly to show you.
So if I go to my Hippo, Hippo,
Analytics-Inc, and then let's go to,
[MUSIC]
Here, search, Analytics-Inc.
I wanna to go to github, Terraform-github,
this is what our repo looks like.
And you can see every file is a different
set of repos that we're trying to
solve problems with, right?
And so, for example,
if I was to go to ops repos, which
is the ones that I normally manage, here's
the layers of configurations that we do.
So, we have like default ops
permissions for push and admin.
We have specific providers because
we have different accounts.
We'll have branching schemes and
enable branch protection.
And these are lower-level logic,
right, in the HCL.
Topics, branching scheme, context,
right, some of the things that we
haven't even really talked about.
But again, if I go into this search and
I search for the word archive.
Yeah, there it is.
We have an archived true, and so it won't
delete it, but it'll at least make it so
that the repository isn't managed anymore.
>> Is there a reason not to just create
a global variable set applied to all or
some workspaces with the tokens needed?
>> Yeah, if you wanted to.
We're only going through it
step by step for the course.
So yeah, the layers of automation that
you wanna do, it's totally up to you.
A lot of the step-by-step is really to
show you why we're doing what we're doing.
Going forward you could, yeah,
you could do that for sure, yeah.
>> And
if you want to archive a repository,
how could this fit in the current
module setup with Terraform?
>> So if you wanted to archive a
repository what you would do is you would
go here.
You would, I'm gonna be honest,
I don't know if I've made it so
you can archive repos with
this particular module.
So you might, Yeah, so I haven't
added archiving support with this.
But if we go back to the GitHub,
and this is where like, again,
sometimes it's nice to use a provider,
sometimes it's nice to use a module,
sometimes that module might
not give you what you want.
So in this case,
I would actually go to GitHub, Terraform,
look at the provider here, and
then I would be like, okay,
where's our repo, repository?
There it is.
And then scroll down
until you see archived.
Yeah, and so this value would then be
what you would use on the resource and
then you'd go to locals and
then you'd add archived,
true or false basically up here, right?
Archived, Bam, right?
And then you can even do things like
defaults where there is the ability to say
like if it doesn't exist then just set
it to not archive so that you only have
archived in there, but that's
basically how you would do it, yeah.